it's been less than 12 hours and the
hawks and their coaching staff are back
at philips arena movement has their cash
before you get set okay they're pretty
good at that and so in defending that as
that pass is on his way you gotta
already you got you already be not up in
the passing lane where you can get back
door I think the guys gotta they got a
clear vision of of what happened last
night we can't you push inside that
smiley circle because that ball comes
out at balls that balls coming out you
know what our heads under the net we got
to make contact out on the floor well in
which again after you know after week a
practice and putting in some new schemes
I knew there were going to be some
mistakes I didn't anticipate our 42.4
but the good thing is the preseason and
we do have time to work on it and
corrected so that we can find our two
inner selves for the referee season we
definitely need to rest of the in-game
so kind of fine tune of the offense that
we're trying to run and what we're
trying to do you know collectively as a
team and you know I'm thinking we'll
pick it up there pretty soon the next
color preseason game squandering a
21-point lead over Memphis the previous
night made one thing clear the team must
continue to work on being both
offensively adaptive and defensively
focused let me lately and let me just
say this um about about about me okay
I'm a firm believer in intake okay
because it tapes don't lie you know you
can clearly see what may have worked or
may not have worked what went wrong but
I'm a believer in just making the
corrections and and moving on
gotta make it man you gotta make that
gotta make that work what without a
split as that's happening at Al you
coming this out right away right away
you go get it get 20 attempts
last night more no I was tempted yo
that's nice hey young buck give me a
young buck I'm talking before step hey
that was a great job yesterday okay all
right in and you get used to that get
used to activist hey come I bring it in
guys here we go let's go very we go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go okay you guys as I as
I mentioned this morning okay you know
when you go against an opposition you
get a chance to gauge where you are you
know on both ends ok and after after one
game we still see we have work to do we
also see that you know then that first
half how the brand of basketball that we
can play you know and be and be good at
it okay but again we have to be able to
sustain for four quarters every every
team we play against that has to be our
mentality okay all right bring it in
guys
coach Larry Drew is putting pen to paper
for the hawks and attempting to write
the next chapter of the team's story his
hope lies in change and the desire to
make championship dreams a reality this
is preseason it was our first preseason
game there were some things we want to
work on some things we want to try and
we got a chance to gauge exactly where
we were after after a week of training
camp ultimate success for this team
could be at hand but the season has yet
to begin and the road ahead is long
we'll make the corrections will make the
adjustments and we'll we'll move forward
I think we're going to be our biggest
challenge I think having experienced
what we've experienced the last couple
years I'm going to set our goals and our
standards of